HBT requires both the particle snapshots in addition to the FoF catalogue to build its trees.
It currently supports two readers, GADGET and Apostle formats.  
    In our case since the outputs are hdf5 files, the Apostle reader would be the best.
Apostle reader requires header data (duhhhh) that tells it things.  Specifically, FOR BOTH PARTICLE SNAPSHOTS AND FOF CATALOGUE, the header requires:
    NumFilesPerSnapshot
    BoxSize (in internal units, which is set to Mpc/h)
    Scale Factor
    Omega0
    OmegaLambda
    Table of Particle Masses
    Number of particles in this file
    Number of particles in total
    The most significant word of the 64-bit total particle numbers

Then once the reader has loaded in the header it syncs across all MPI tasks, and then loads in the snapshot proper. For each particle it reads
    3 Coordinates (x, y, z) (Mpc/h)
    3 Velocities (x, y, z) (km/s)
    Particle ID
    Particle Mass (Optional as the script will pull this from the header if not explicitly given).
    <<Since we are doing DM only simulation these are the only properties necessary.  A full hydrosim would specify internal energy as well.>>

After the particle snapshot it then reads the FoF catalogue.  Again, it reads the header file first with the previously specified format. Then for each FoF halo it reads
    3 Coordinates (x, y, z) (Mpc/h)
    3 Velocities (x, y, z) (km/s)
    Particle IDs
    Particle Mass (Optional as the script will pull this from the header if not explicitly given).
    <<Since we are doing DM only simulation these are the only properties necessary.  A full hydrosim would specify internal energy as well.>>
    It also reads this 'GroupNumber' variable which I'm not sure about.  It assigns a HaloID to each particle with a negative number denoting that the particle is unbound.  


Things to Do:
    None of the files that Britton have given us contain data in the headers.  Need to populate each file with a header.
    Confirm what exactly the 'Particles' are for the 'ReadGroups' routine.

Question: Where is 'TypeMax' specified.  I know it means the number of different particle types (4 in our case) but I can't see where you specify that.
Question: When it reads in the 'GroupParticles' is this the particles that comprise the halo itself, or is the halo being treated as a 'particle'.
    e.g. If a snapshot has 30 halos each with 100 particles, is the number of 'particles' we need to read in for the groups going to be 30 or 30*100 = 30,000? 
    I believe it's actually reading in the 30,000?  We don't have this so may have to change it slightly...
